How quickly the convention has gone by.
You may feel like you just arrived,
and now the convention is nearly over.
What lessons will you take away?
Well, this convention was designed to deepen our understanding
of the gospel accounts,
to strengthen our faith in the good news,
and to motivate us to share the good news with others.
Let's begin by reviewing how the convention
deepened our understanding of the gospel accounts.
The symposium Lessons from the Land of Jesus
explained the environment and customs
that we saw depicted in episode one
of the good news according to Jesus.
We examined how people lived, worked,
and worshipped in Jesus' day.
Did you note this key lesson?
When the Israelites faithfully followed Jehovah's direction,
they benefited.
The same is true of us.
We are not under God's law to Israel,
but the principles behind the law
still guide Christians today.
We exert ourselves to share in true worship.
Parents teach their children practical skills
and teach them about Jehovah.
And all of us make time for the more important things.
As you watched episode one of the Good News
according to Jesus,
did you gain greater insight into the thoughts
and feelings of Zachariah and Elizabeth, Mary and Joseph,
Simeon and Anna and young Jesus?
Why did Jehovah use these ones as he did?
They were humble.
They loved Jehovah,
and they had faith in Jehovah's word of promise.
Do you recall how we can imitate them?
By accepting correction.
By focusing on our blessings, not on our disappointments.
By strengthening our friendship with Jehovah,
by giving priority to our family's spiritual needs.
By encouraging others, despite having our own challenges.
And by strengthening our conviction
and taking a firm stand for what is right.
Next, let's consider how the convention
strengthen our faith in the Good News.
In the symposium they were moved by Holy Spirit.
We took a careful look at each of the four gospels,
Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.
We considered why we can trust these ancient writings.
The writers either personally witnessed the events
they recorded, or they did careful research.
Their accounts are historically accurate
and in agreement with one another.
Do you recall some of the evidence
that the gospel accounts have been reliably transmitted
down to our day?
We can't help but be in awe of what Jehovah has accomplished.
By using his Holy Spirit to guide the gospel writers,
and by preserving their accounts,
he has left us with a remarkably trustworthy
and intimate portrayal of his son.
More than any other book in the world,
these four, along with the rest of the Bible,
convinces that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God.
We also strengthened our faith
by considering six prophecies whose fulfillment was shown
in episode one of the good news according to Jesus.
These prophecies clearly point to Jesus
as the foretold Messiah.
Their fulfillment could not have been coincidence.
Rather, we saw how Jehovah maneuvered events
so that the prophecies were fulfilled.
What does this mean for us?
Not only can we be certain that Jesus is the Messiah,
we can also have complete confidence
that all remaining Messianic prophecies,
including those about Jesus' thousand-year reign,
will be completely fulfilled.
How refreshing it was to see the events
surrounding Jesus' birth portrayed accurately
in the good news according to Jesus.
The symposium, believe the truth about Jesus,
affirmed that what we believe about Jesus' identity,
his name and his birth are scriptural facts,
not man-made traditions.
And these truths have the power to change lives.
I have become more positive
and my life is full of meaning.
I absolutely love teaching the Bible to people.
As long as I have breath in me,
I'm gonna use it to share with others about Jehovah
and the Messiah, Jesus.
I like having a clear understanding
of why God sent Jesus to the earth,
what He was sent to do.
Our faith was further strengthened
by seeing how the good news is increasing
and bearing fruit in all the world.
Do you recall these examples?
Where would we be without the good news?
The good news transforms lives.
It gives us meaning, mixes better people,
and even if it's difficult, if our health limits us,
if persecutors try to stop us,
if the changes our students need to make seem impossible,
Jehovah will help us to never give up
and sharing the good news.
We also consider the power of the good news
to defeat bad news.
That is, we saw how to use the things Jesus said and did
to counteract harmful gossip, excessive guilt,
negative news reports, and discouragement.
The wrong view some people had toward us changed
thanks to the power of the good news
and the peaceable attitude of our brothers and sisters.
He wants us to focus on the hope,
the way she helped us that morning,
helped us focus completely on that hope.
Finally, let's review how the convention motivated us
to share the good news with others.
The symposium eager to declare the good news
show that each Christian has a responsibility to preach.
Doing so is a personal expression of our faith
and a part of our worship.
Jehovah views our expressions of praise in the ministry
as sacrifices offered to him.
What will help us to be effective ministers?
Being well prepared,
cultivating love for people
and being ready to speak wherever we are
and being willing to expand our ministry
in whatever way Jehovah directs.
If you are a young servant of Jehovah,
we urge you to take to heart the encouragement in the talk
what will you do for the sake of the good news?
Don't let this world set your goals
and don't let yourself get sidetracked.
Plan for a rich and satisfying life in the full-time ministry.
Cultivate the skills needed to reach your goal.
Like so many others, you'll find great joy
and have no regrets.
As a result of a more intense relationship with Jehovah
and a deeper love for people in the ministry,
the ministry brings me more joy.
I stopped focusing on myself
and started to think about others
paying attention to what they needed.
I feel like I'm spending every second of every day with Jehovah
and that alone is an enormous gift for me.
At the start of the convention,
the chairman's address reminded us to be grateful
for the privilege of knowing and declaring the good news.
We are working along with the angels
under the oversight of Jesus Christ.
The everlasting good news we declare is a message of hope
that means life for those who respond favorably.
What will happen when the good news has been preached
to Jehovah's satisfaction?
As today's convention theme reminds us
and then the end will come.
Brothers and sisters,
may this convention encourage you to make good use
of the time remaining by zealously
and boldly declaring the good news.